victory of the grenade in his visit san
mamés by a bit to zero a loner
goal by jhon córdoba gave him the second
victory the second triumph of
exercise to the team of caparrós one of
the few of the bbva league that has not yet
lost a single match on his part the
athletic continues with its start
irregular in the bbva league and by second
consecutive time considering
also the commitment of champions before
the shakhtar was left unmarked before his
public this is the first opportunity
of the shock the good shot of rochina
palmeado by gorka iráizoz
the athletic that introduced many
modifications in your eleven trying
measure efforts the center of the
they formed sanjosé and xabi
Etxeita rested at Gurpegui while
that the contribution was left out by
injury also a lot of youth and a lot
renovation in the center of the field with the
appearance as holders of erik morán and
of a and lópez
this was the response of the athletic the
Markel Susaeta's shot straight to the
hands of roberto one of the most men
highlights of the match was impeccable
the goalkeeper of the Nasrid team
more of athletic with the appearance of
young unai lópez in this play
the ball ends in the left sector
with the center of mikel balenziaga and the
impeccable dribble from aduriz the destiny
de Roberto avoids the first goal of the
match
That was the best opportunity
athletic throughout the first part
in the granadal the attention
solvency of iturra entered the center
from the field hector yuste and signs a
excellent match making with
fran rich and attentive to this move because
in an error
very unusual rarely seen in
ander iturraspe was going to arrive the only
so much of the shock is wrong
midfielder of the athletic and that what
takes advantage of jhon córdoba to face
gorka and beat him for low
the first goal with the shirt of the
granada for jhon córdoba that he formed in
Attack partnering with Isaac Sachs
it is every time youssef the arabi yet
limping of his injury was out of
the call
images already of the second part with the
athletic going out with another air with
a lot of impetus and looking for the goal
rival
that granted possibilities to
backlash to the box of caparrós here
is access does it wonderfully and assists
a fungia but the left-handed side does not
correct to overcome gorka
I had entered borja viguera for one and
lopez and shortly after mikel rico had
replaced erik morán those changes will
they gave much more mordant in attack to the
athletic club
there we have precisely mikel rich ex
enabling Granada football player
aritz aduriz the front shot
Donostiarra was leaving very close to
the visiting team's goal
He also made changes with the
entry of players like javi marquez
or Juan Carlos and with the debut at first
division of paschal and wild eddie
paschal
and ex-murderer of the murcia that premiered
in the top category disputing the
last 30 minutes of meeting more than
athletic with this acrobatic finale of
aduriz
in the second part he was a couple
Viguera and in the final stretch would join
those two forwards the young guillermo
fernandez
scared the athletic that grazed the tie
in this action, it's up to me that the rich
at the first stick and San Jose does not arrive
to finish from close
more opportunities to stop ball and
always the lack of success or the
Robert's inspiration ended
frustrating the rojiblanco team in this
occasion the ball was going to goal but
roberto palmero alto to ensure the
victory of the grenade by 1 to 0 in san
mamés